Add the 2 files(Grumboz_Guild_Warz.cpp and Grumboz_Guild_Warz.h) to the \src\server\scripts\Custom\ folder.


\src\server\game\Scripting\ScriptLoader.cpp

#ifdef SCRIPTS
/* This is where custom scripts' loading functions should be declared. */
	void AddSC_Grunboz_Guild_Warz();
#endif

void AddCustomScripts()
{
#ifdef SCRIPTS
    /* This is where custom scripts should be added. */
	AddSC_Grunboz_Guild_Warz();
#endif
}
------------------------------------------

\src\server\scripts\Custom
CMakeLists.txt

Custom/Grumboz_Guild_Warz.cpp


------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------
src\server\worldserver\worldserver.conf

###################################################################################################
# Grumbo'z Guild Warz
#
# This setting allows multi-realm usage. you can have a db for each realm and a unique Guild Warz setup. 
# 
# 	GUILDWARZ.DB_ADDRESS
#		Description: sql DB name. Used for multi-realm usage.
#		Default: guild_warz_335

GUILD_WARZ.DB_ADDRESS = "guild_warz_335"

# This setting will adjust the Guild Pig's PigPayz payout. 
# 
# 	GUILDWARZ.PIGPAYZ_REWARD
#		Description: in copper. how much each pig will payout to a GUild Member.
#		             1 = 1 copper||99 = 99 copper||100 = 1 silver||9999 = 99 silver and 99 copper.
#			     10000 = 1 gold||990000 = 99 gold||9999999 = 99 gold 99 silver 99 copper.
#		Default: 100 // 1 silver per pig.

GUILD_WARZ.PIGPAYZ_REWARD = 100

# This setting will adjust the Guild Pig's PigPayz timer.
# 
# 	GUILDWARZ.PigPayz_timer
#		Description: in minutes.
#		Default: 30 // 30 minutes

GUILD_WARZ.PIGPAYZ_TIMER = 30

# This setting will adjust how the Guild Rank System will re-rank.
# 
# 	GUILDWARZ.RANKING_TIMER
#		Description:  How often do the GUilds get Re-Ranked in minutes.
#		Default: 1
#		1 = via the GUILDWARZ.RANKING_TIMER.
#		2 = via Event(when any location changes owner).

GUILD_WARZ.RANK_TYPE = 1

# This setting will adjust the Guild Rank's recalculation timer.
# 
# 	GUILDWARZ.RANKING_TIMER
#		Description:  How often do the GUilds get Re-Ranked in minutes.
#		Default: 10 // 10 minutes

GUILD_WARZ.RANKING_TIMER = 10

# This setting will adjust how many guilds to show in the top ranked Guild's list.
#
# 		GUILDWARZ.RANK_MAX
#		Default: 100

GUILD_WARZ.RANK_MAX = 100
#
#####################################################################################################################
